# Nature of the White Paper

The Whitepaper and the Website are intended for general informational purposes and community discussion only and do not constitute a prospectus, an offer document, an offer of securities, a solicitation for investment, or any offer to sell any product, item, or asset (whether digital or otherwise). Nothing contained in the Whitepaper or the Website is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation, or undertaking as to the future performance of the Silencio Platform. The information herein may not be exhaustive and does not imply any element of a contractual relationship commitment in relation to the acquisition of $SLC Token, and no virtual currency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of the Whitepaper or the Website. There is no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, and no representation, warranty, or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Nothing contained in the Whitepaper or the Website is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation, or undertaking as to the future performance of the Silencio Platform. Any agreement between the Distributor (or any third party) and you, in relation to any sale, purchase, or other distribution or transfer of $SLC Token, is to be governed only by the separate terms and conditions of such agreement, and such agreement must be read together with the Whitepaper. Where the Whitepaper or the Website includes information that has been obtained from third-party sources, Silencio, the BlockSound Foundation, the Distributor, their respective affiliates and/or the Silencio Ecosystem have not independently verified the accuracy or completion of such information. Further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that the Whitepaper or the Website may become outdated as a result, and neither Silencio nor the Distributor is under any obligation to update or correct this document in connection therewith.

The information set out in the Whitepaper and the Website is for community discussion only and is not legally binding. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the acquisition of any $SLC token, and no virtual currency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of the Whitepaper or the Website. Any agreement governing the sale or acquisition of $SLC tokens shall be governed by a separate set of Terms of Service, available at www.silencio.network/termsandconditions. The Terms of Service must be read together with the Whitepaper, and further information is available at www.Silencio.network/risks. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Terms of Service and the Whitepaper or the Website, the Terms of Service shall prevail.
